Added release notes for 2.9.1 (#357)
fsprojects/fantomas: RELEASE_NOTES.md

#### 2.9.1 - 11-2018
* Added instructions for vscode and online website. [#333](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/pull/333)
* Removed trailing spaces for each line, after formatting. [#328](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/issues/328)
* Allow easy build/format/build cycle of external projects. [#337](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/pull/337)
* Fix `in` is removed from binding when PreserveEndOfLine is true. [#340](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/issues/340)
* Fix unnecessary conversion from 'YieldOrReturn' to 'YieldOrReturnFrom', by update of FCS. [#339](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/issues/339)
* Fix Lazy<'T> is incorrectly rewritten. [#335](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/issues/335)
* Fix Fluent API with comments breaks code. [#331](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/issues/331)
* Update to .NET Core 2.1 [#350](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/issues/350)
* Removed unused open statements. [#352](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/pull/352)

> * Added regression test foriImplicit module is added to resulting code. [#355](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/pull/355)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added regression test for Implicit module is added to resulting code. [#355](https://github.com/fsprojects/fantomas/pull/355)
```
